{"en":"Pumas are large,  cat-like animals which are found in America. ^ ","ch":"美洲狮是一种体形似猫的大动物， 产于美洲。  "}
{"en":"When reports came into London Zoo that a wild puma had been spotted forty-five miles south of London,  they were not taken seriously. ^ ","ch":"当伦敦动物园接到报告说， 在伦敦以南45英里处发现一只美洲狮时， 这些报告并没有受到重视。  "}
{"en":"However,  as the evidence began to accumulate,  experts from the Zoo felt obliged to investigate, ^ ","ch":"可是， 随着证据越来越多， 动物园的专家们感到有必要进行一番调查，  "}
{"en":"for the descriptions given by people who claimed to have seen the puma were extraordinarily similar. ^ ","ch":"因为凡是声称见到过美洲狮的人们所描述的情况竟是出奇地相似。  "}
{"en":"The hunt for the puma began in a small village where a woman picking blackberries saw 'a large cat' only five yards away from her. ^ ","ch":"搜寻美洲狮的工作是从一座小村庄开始的。 那里的一位妇女在采摘黑莓时的看见“一只大猫”， 离她仅5码远，  "}
{"en":"It immediately ran away when she saw it,  and experts confirmed that a puma will not attack a human being unless it is cornered. ^ ","ch":"她刚看见它， 它就立刻逃走了。 专家证实， 美洲狮非被逼得走投无路， 是决不会伤人的。  "}
{"en":"for the puma was often observed at one place in the morning and at another place twenty miles away in the evening. ^ ","ch":"因为常常是早晨在甲地发现那只美洲狮， 晚上却在20英里外的乙地发现它的踪迹。  "}
{"en":"Wherever it went,  it left behind it a trail of dead deer and small animals like rabbits. ^ ","ch":"无论它走哪儿， 一路上总会留下一串死鹿以及死兔子之类的小动物。  "}
{"en":"Paw prints were seen in a number of places and puma fur was found clinging to bushes. ^ ","ch":"在许多地方看见了爪印， 灌木丛中发现了粘在上面的美洲狮毛。  "}
{"en":"Several people complained of 'cat-like noises' at night and a businessman on a fishing trip saw the puma up a tree. ^ ","ch":"有人抱怨说夜里听见“像猫一样的叫声”；一位商人去钓鱼， 看见那只美洲狮在树上。  "}
{"en":"The experts were now fully convinced that the animal was a puma,  but where had it come from? ^ ","ch":"专家们如今已经完全肯定那只动物就是美洲狮， 但它是从哪儿来的呢?  "}
{"en":"As no pumas had been reported missing from any zoo in the country, ^ ","ch":"由于全国动物园没有一家报告丢了美洲狮，  "}
{"en":"this one must have been in the possession of a private collector and somehow managed to escape. ^ ","ch":"因此那只美洲狮一定是某位私人收藏豢养的， 不知怎么设法逃出来了。  "}
{"en":"The hunt went on for several weeks,  but the puma was not caught. ^ ","ch":"搜寻工作进行了好几个星期， 但始终未能逮住那只美洲狮。  "}
{"en":"It is disturbing to think that a dangerous wild animal is still at large in the quiet countryside. ^ ","ch":"想到在宁静的乡村里有一头危险的野兽继续逍遥流窜， 真令人担心。  "}